I have just created something totally
illogical just what Luke didn't say I
hate it when that happens
- here's your invoices Reyes I think I
know what if you build it he will come
means oh why do I not think this is such
a good thing daddy there's a man up
there you alone and you won't go what do
you think gillich Grylls me alright you
can see this is really interesting you
believed in the magic it happened isn't
that enough
Annie it's more than that I feel it as
strongly as I've ever felt anything in
my life there's a reason did you hear
the voice - did you hear it go the
distance yes a grave is dead he died
1970 - are you moonlight gran
I was called me won't like Greymon 50
years I'm busy it's more than that it's
perfect
he built a baseball field in the middle
of nowhere and you sit here and you
stare at nothing this field this game
it's a part of our past
it reminds us all that once was good hey
this heaven no Iowa Kevin Costner amy
madigan James Earl Jones Ray Liotta Burt
Lancaster
sometimes when you believe the
impossible the in
comes true field of dreams
you